Add a Quick start section in the README file (#38)
purescript-contrib/purescript-machines: README.md

## Quick start

> The examples here use `Identity` for simplicity. Usually, you would use
> a different `Monad`, such as `Effect`, `Aff`, `State`, etc.

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to have a one-line description of the `MealyT` type before mentioning `Identity`. For example:

```suggestion
Mealy machines are finite state machines. The `MealyT f s a` type represents a machine where `f` is the effect used for evaluation, `s` is the input state, and `a` is the output value. The examples here use `Identity` as the effect type for simplicity, but you would usually use a different `Monad` such as `Effect`, `Aff`, or `State`.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if I'm right but I think that `s` should be rather called an `input`. If my understanding of `MealyT` type is correct I'm opting for changing parameters names to `MealyT f i o` too.
P.S.
A somewhat interesting topic for a broader discussion from my perspective is: how this type really differs from the `Star f i o` from profunctors... ;-)

Reviewer: `i` and `o` make more sense to me as well, but I'm not familiar with why `s` was originally chosen. I am personally fine with changing it and just referring to a machine's input and output throughout documentation comments and the quick start, but I don't have a strong opinion on it.

Author: I think it might be nicer to rename these to `input` and `output`, but I would do it in a subsequent PR because it would be out of place to change the module and module docs in this PR.

Reviewer: 👍 sounds good to me.

There are several ways to build machines. One way is to use `do` syntax,
for example:

```purescript
machine1 :: MealyT Identity Unit String
machine1 = do
  number <- fromArray [10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 0, 60, 70]
  scaled <-
      if number == 0
          then halt
          else pure $ div number 2
  pure $ show scaled
```

This will create a machine `machine1` which goes through the "inputs"
from the array. It then checks and halts on any zero input, and otherwise

> scales the inputs (by dividing by 2). The result is then transformed intoa string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scales the inputs (by dividing by 2). The result is then transformed into a string.
```

> The resulting machine can be materialized via `toUnfoldable unit machine1 :: Array String`. The result is `["5","10","15","20","25"]`.

Reviewer: We usually represent this with a pseudo-repl session:

---

The resulting machine can be materialized by transforming it into an array:

```purs
> toUnfoldable unit machine1 :: Array String
["5","10","15","20","25"]
```

---

though it's not necessary to do so. Just if you'd like!

> Another way to write the same machine is using machine composition:

Reviewer: It may also be useful to note here that we're composing `Step`s and briefly note what a `Step` is. Or perhaps it would be better to note that in the prior section. Either way, steps are fundamental to mealy machines and I think we should add a quick sentence about them in the quick start.

Perhaps:

> A `Step f s a` represents a state transition in the machine. When you run a machine you are executing a series of steps. At each step the machine can stop via the `Halt` constructor or emit a value and construct the rest of the machine.

Though feel free to phrase however you see fit.

Author: I agree with this! We are composing machines, not steps, but explaining what a step is is quite useful!

```purescript
machine2 :: MealyT Identity Unit String
machine2 =
    fromArray [10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 0, 60, 70]
        >>> pureMealy haltOn0
        >>> pureMealy scale
        >>> pureMealy pretty
  where
    haltOn0 :: Int -> Step Identity Int Int
    haltOn0 0 = Halt
    haltOn0 n = Emit n $ pureMealy haltOn0

    scale :: Int -> Step Identity Int Int

>     scale n = Emit (n `div` 2) $ pureMealy scale

Reviewer: For parity with the earlier example, should these two be merged?

```purs
    scale :: Int -> Step Identity Int Int
    scale n
      | n == 0 = Halt
      | otherwise = Emit (n `div` 2) $ pureMealy scale
```

Author: You are right! I changed the examples a bit, using `guard` in the monadic version. Does this look better?

Reviewer: If you are comfortable switching to two spaces instead of four in the example (as is done in the `do` example above) I'd appreciate that, but otherwise 👍!

Reviewer: I'm going to leave this unmerged to give you a moment to respond to this, but at that point I will go ahead and merge.
